Release/1.0.0 (#1)
Flagsmith/flagsmith-kotlin-android-client: README.md

# Flagsmith Android SDK

![01](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Flagsmith/flagsmith/main/static-files/hero.png)

## Flagsmith Android SDK

Flagsmith allows you to manage feature flags and remote config across multiple projects, environments and organisations.

> The SDK for iOS and Swift applications for https://www.flagsmith.com/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK for android applications for https://www.flagsmith.com/.
```
